you need to wipe down
what's with the jeans um that's great I
was in Bal Sacramento this weekend
and okay day we get in we decide to go
get some pregame pre-show meal we go to
to get some sushi mmm so we go to this
place it's really close to the club and
we order food
it's media it's just like it's it's okay
as far as sushi places it's not a you
know it's not like oh wow the sushi here
is amazing but it's like it does the job
you go it's not bad it's not great it's
fine it's not a succulent Chinese guess
not succulent but it's fine I order
we're done ordering I'm there I'm up
there with blue band the bill comes she
drops off the bill now I'm on a business
trip and you know this is not unusual
most comedians or even people to just
travel for a living a lot have there
they're basically personal expense card
and your business expenses it helps you
organize do your taxes and whatnot so I
pull out my business card which happens
to be American Express card I put it on
there and I say you know ready to pay
the bill so the server is kind of very
shortly rudely in my opinion responds
Visa MasterCard cash no she's a white
lady it sounds like no she supposed to
submit she's again she is a Hungarian
loser just got a real treat just there
she is a you just yeah do you want to
can we translate what you just said Oh
pussy eyes she's Asian
yeah um my dad taught you that Oh your
dad did touch me hey good so Wow
she's uh not from around these parts and
says we semester card cash and I go she
was which do you have which is not it's
not an appropriate answer it's yeah you
can I think you can go oh we don't take
American Express right not what she goes
what do you have and I go
this is what I have she was you don't
have anything else and I at that moment
I go it's kind of interesting that she
asks that because instead of saying
instead of reiterating that they don't
take it right she says you don't have
anything else so I take my chances and
say no I don't have anything else in
other words like how are we gonna
resolve this and she goes okay and she
takes the card and she walks away I go
oh I guess they do too so you assume
she's going to use the card well yeah
yeah I mean she took it she's her girl
there you go she leaves with it right
she comes back now when she comes back
she puts it down and she goes really
loudly so that the whole you know
section of the restaurant in here she
goes your card declined oh yeah okay and
at that point I'm bothered for a number
of reasons a I know that she's lying
yeah okay I'm 100% sure no way it's
decline and I'm actually going you know
I'm about to investigate but the other
thing the thing that really bothers me
more is that her tactic to get the
former payment that she wants is that
she's trying to humiliate me right he's
trying to she's banking on my
announcement that your payment has been
declined is going to shame you into
paying the way I want you to pay instead
of just being straightforward and and
from the beginning like I'm sorry sir we
don't take a meal ticket which you've
heard probably many times I've heard and
then you deal with it accordingly
but she left with the card right to run
the card right so she's right so when
she said your car was declined I know
for certain that she's lying and just to
bet make sure I go okay I flipped the
card over I go I'm gonna call the credit
card she walks she's like hmm kind of
didn't anticipate that that would be an
option mm-hmm walks away hmm okay walk
away I call the credit card company
American Express hey what's up I'm at a
restaurant and they just said that my
card was declined was it declined no and
I said well so what's happened he goes
well there's no attempt made to charge
your card Wow I said okay so now I'm
pretty pissed about this you know
so she lied she blatantly lied why I'm
on the phone with the credit card
company yeah and the card wasn't
declined and she just goes Visa
Mastercard or cash and I go wait wait
that's what she says you but you call
her out you know I'm black at this point
I'm standing at the front of the
restaurant she and it's getting you know
she's being loud I'm being loud
I said visa master she goes Visa
MasterCard or cash and I go no this is
it this is the only thing I have I
didn't bring anything else you're gonna
have to run it
she was your card declined I go no it
wasn't then she takes the card again she
swipes it she hits but she starts doing
things like hitting different buttons
within after she swipes see the card
declined carton starts pointing to them
to the monitor and I go look she keeps
say he goes your card hasn't been
there's no attempt made to run your card
your card hasn't been declined and he
goes your card was just used a
rent-a-car which it was it was just used
in to check in the hotel and a banks by
the way they're so good about yeah I go
he goes your card your card has not been
declined I go okay so I said you're
gonna have to run the card um or that's
you know that's gonna be it and it
starts to get you know I could tell that
she starts speaking in her pussy 7
language to somebody you know starts
talking some shit and I go no I'm not
I'm not going anywhere you're gonna have
to run the card yeah you know she starts
being more like verbal like she goes nah
Visa Mastercard I go alright I'm leaving
I go I had a hat I left that table I go
to grab it and she goes huh and she runs
she runs from the table back to the
front I called police I called police
this is for the whole round whole
restaurant
she usually went back just for your hat
yeah yeah but I also failing I was
implying that I was Bailey
oh oh so like she got really scared and
then as she she's running she goes to
pick up the phone I go well pay the bill
and she goes okay so I take the money
kind of you know throw it on the counter
and I said as I left I go I want you to
know that you're a liar and you're a bad
person
yeah have someone translate that and
then I walked out Wow it's made up yet
but I did say you're a liar and a bad
so anyways I was really fucking pissed
about yeah her and it wasn't about not
accepting American Express it was about
the fact that I think I think she's a
horrific human being you she lied it was
like the whole route it was Reggie
it was it was the lie but it was lie the
ruse it was that the the attempt to
publicly shamed someone yeah not cool
I think you know I don't think there's
any end to how how much you should be
shamed after that yeah for for trying to
get your way through that method I got
back to the hotel
I put an Instagram post up later just
saying this place is terrible
yeah I didn't even explain really why I
just said there fuck that place right
and then dude it was like it was amazing
the the listeners of our show you didn't
you you unleashed mommy power around the
problem yeah you can gotta be careful
when you unleash mommy powers cuz they
are strong they it was artwork yeah it
is this is this is like some of the this
is a modern art masterpiece what has
happened I think this is like a
happening what they used to call in the
sixties this is this is fuckin art yeah
I have to commend I went Celgard
listeners to know that some of you are
fucking legit comedy writer hilarious it
was so funny I really don't I I can tell
you that if you had people that listen
to the show that were you know
professional comedy writers they were
not they couldn't do it funnier than wow
it was so much money yeah these are pure
fucking art dude here are some of them
this is this is moments after it says
warning this is not a poly by friendly
establishment my mommy also developed an
Asian accent after we ate here she can't
stop speaking in broken English can
someone explain this I'd rather move to
the Midwest ooh than get here again and
mommy told me not to go but my boy Tom
and mr. white folks in town saying some
hos and also making Kim in airtight
just right my jeans were a little high
but not too tight I had a rectum roll
how do you say an asshole ching chong
ching chong next thing I know Mike Tyson
comes in with Bruce Bruce and everyone
said hey Hitler next time I will go
somewhere else most likely on the
hundreds block they don't even have any
bikes and they don't even know who Big
Daddy Kane is I mean like they tied in
all the references it's and the best
part of this is that people who don't
know your mom's house are gonna read
this like the average Yelper is gonna be
like what the fuck happened in his
restaurant that's the best part
read that one actually a pretty good
place definitely try the miso it's hella
salty the garden salad was good but the
dressing was kind of wet so get that on
the side the staff was nice my servers
name was dick oh I thought that wasn't a
problem as I was with a group of
children overall these particular Asians
make a pretty good soosh one star one
star I don't know I don't know if
there's any do with our show no I think
it's just I think someone's legit what
made me laugh my servers name was dick
oh this is this one here I read on stage
and it almost brought the house read it
it said this place really makes my jeans
low and loose I was treated like a calm
dog and called big words the food tastes
like the devil's driveway and maybe
Brown of six you know I'm saying for
reals dough I almost threw some of sky
punches like my boy crazy lucky shit in
conclusion this place seriously needs to
hide and tighten their jeans before my
mommies and I ever consider making their
sushi into brown ever again PS if I had
to choose between eating here again and
being retarded I would be retarded
good work babies baby see that was from
Norcross Georgia
I was really fun I love I liked the idea
he's like I would never make your food
into brown again that is actually what
you do when you own a restaurant you're
like I choose your place to make my
brows and make round that's so
interesting I never that's so deep bro I
never thought of it that way
shoutout to everyone out there
and stuff like that I came here to get
my sushi was very disappointed where I
wore my cleanest denim and pulled them
up over my retarded tastes the customer
service was the worst the fish smell
funny but the way she just said what
it's only smells it's okay which was
very confusing because it clearly does
not only smells and was not okay when I
made it to my squatty potty my how you
say rectum cute a straight seven I had
to go shit to showers for reals doh next
up Brown talk no I'm saying I would have
to be a lot more tarded than I already
am Peter again one star oh honey that
was like yeah how many your mom's house
references who's believed in so good in
12 hours this place had like 81 one-star
reviews fully written rural areas that
was not even met so look I think they
got they fully got what they deserved
yeah they've already you know managed to
get a bunch of the reviews removed only
we don't yeah yeah yeah you know Saks
I'm glad it caused you know let them to
think about the way they treat their
customers we don't have to I'm not
asking you guys to bombard them more
that's why I've you know attempted to
not mention them again but just know
that because people were asking like
well what happened I told you what
happened I felt extremely justified in
asking people to do that to them well
and it's just it's all in fun I mean
look if they're being removed it's not
going to harm them and as its you know
it's a silly way of getting back at a
business that's yeah shit that was
shitty to me so but yeah just people go
I wouldn't just do that I wouldn't for
fun say hey go fuck up these people's
review now just for for pure amusement
or because like oh I didn't think the
sushi was good but when I feel like um
you know somebody mistreats me or me no
one worse and I don't think it's a it's
really you know going for to ash for
that no